Readme update (#153)
gnosis/dex-liquidity-provision: scripts/README.md

yarn run networks-inject
```

> Create a gnosis-safe wallet [here](https://rinkeby.gnosis-safe.io). This wallet will be called your Master Safe in the following. It is used to bundle the transactions and setup the bracket-traders.

Reviewer: We could offer links for both mainnet and Rinkeby.

This Master Safe must have an additional owner `0x90F8bf6A479f320ead074411a4B0e7944Ea8c9C1`, known as the "Proposer" account. The following scripts will use this account to propose transactions to the interface. This implies that the mnemonic phrase for this "Proposer" account is stored in plain text within this project.

> In order to have a save setup, make sure that _your Master Safe always requires one more signature than just the signature of the Proposer account to send a transaction_. _Otherwise, everyone can steal the funds from your account!_

Reviewer: It wouldn't be too difficult, I believe, to have a different proposer account. In this way there would be less risk of our users shooting themselves in the foot. Do you think it would be worth the effort?

Author: I created an issue

Setup env variables for the deployment process:

```
export PK=<Your Key>
export GAS_PRICE_GWEI=<look up the suggestion from ethgasstation.info>
export NETWORK_NAME=<network>
export MASTER_SAFE=<master safe>

```

### Confirming multisig-transactions on gnosis-safe with Metamask

> For the signing process, note that the gas consumption is underestimated. There is currently no proper way to estimate the gas limit. In order to make sure that the gas limit of your transaction is sufficient, increase it to 5 million gas. In practice, this limit suffices to deploy a strategy with 20 brackets.

Reviewer: We could make an educated guess, however. Do we want to have a formula here? The only issue is that some tokens are more expensive than others, I think we used more than 5M sometimes.

Author: I think one of our most expensive ones was this one:
https://etherscan.io/tx/0xe1853d4a57b6b46ca89df4f9725b8230234c2f173f940fc5372a15261291d164
or this one with 22 brackets:
https://etherscan.io/tx/0xf1a55141c30d4d604fcb712a0ab5e5d2b823ca75ff21777d7a88960840b8ebb6#eventlog

But I can change it to 5.9 million. I just remember that there was some issue with "rinkeby?" or another network when we send more than 6 million gas.

Reviewer: True, we have to be careful in Rinkeby, not sure what the exact limit is however. 5 looks tight to me, I'm ok with 5.9 or even 5.5.

### Deploy the bracket-strategy:

In order to deploy new bracket-trader contracts, place orders on behalf of the newly mined contracts and fund their accounts on the exchange, one only has to run the `complete_liquidity_provision` script.

> It will create one ethereum transaction for creating the safes, and send two transactions request to the gnosis-safe interface.

Reviewer: We could specify that the user's private key specified before is used to send just that one transaction (and has to pay for the gas) and the proposer account sends the other two transaction requests to the web interface (no ETH needed in the proposer account).

The first request will generate orders on behalf of the bracket-traders.
Please sign this transaction in the gnosis-safe interface and double check that the prices of the orders are as intended -for example in [telegram-mainnet](https://t.me/gnosis_protocol) or [telegram-rinkeby](https://t.me/gnosis_protocol_dev) channels.

> Then continue the script and send out the second request, which will fund the bracket-traders' accounts on the exchange.

Reviewer: "Then" should be "after the transaction appears as confirmed in the web interface", otherwise the user creates two transactions with the same nonce and the second will automatically fail.

Here is an example script invocation:

```js
npx truffle exec scripts/complete_liquidity_provision.js --targetToken=1 --stableToken=4 --lowestLimit=150 --hig
hestLimit=200 --currentPrice=175 --masterSafe=$MASTER_SAFE --investmentTargetToken=10 --investmentStableToken=1000 --fleetSize=20 --network=$NETWORK_NAME
```

> This example deploys a liquidity strategy with 20 brackets between the prices 150-200 on the pair WETH-USDC.

Reviewer: We could mention that price, higher limit, and lower limit are specified in terms of 1 target token = x stable tokens.

In this script the targetToken is 1, which happens to be WETH and the stableToken is 4, which happens to be USDC. The token ids of the exchange contract can be read from Etherscan.info in the 'Contract/Read Contract' tab, e.g. [here for mainnet](https://etherscan.io/address/0x6f400810b62df8e13fded51be75ff5393eaa841f)

The fleet size should be smaller than or equal to 20, in order to ensure that the transactions can be send via Metamask - otherwise, it can happen that the payload is too high for Metamask.

Please document the displayed bracket-trader addresses. They are require for the withdrawals later. They can also be retrieved from the created transactions. However, since this is a manual process, it is quite cumbersome to extract them right now.

Instead of doing all the steps with one script, the different steps can also be done individually, as explained in the next section.

### Deploy safes

Requires that Master is already deployed.

An example of the usage would be:

```js

> truffle exec scripts/deploy_safes.js --masterSafe=$MASTER_SAFE --fleet-size=20 --network=$NETWORK_NAME

Reviewer: The parameter is `fleetSize`, not `fleet-size`.

```

### Place Orders

Requires that Master and bracket-traders are already deployed.

An example of the usage would be:

```js

> truffle exec scripts/bracket_orders.js --targetToken=1 --stableToken=7 --currentPrice 270 --lowestLimit 240 --highestLimit 300 --masterSafe=$MASTER_SAFE --brackets=0xb947de73ADe9aBC6D57eb34B2CC2efd41f646636,0xfA4a18c2218945bC018BF94D093BCa66c88D3c40 --network=$NETWORK_NAME

Reviewer: You can tell that this part of the readme is older by looking at the price of ETH. :smile:

```

### Transfer-Approve-Deposit

> For this script, a deposit file like the one available in `./data/depostList.json`, needs to be created with the correct funding amounts of the brackets and their correct address.

Reviewer: Huh, I always wanted to remove that file. What about moving it to `./examples/sampleDeposits.json`?
(Also, it's in `./scripts/data/depositList.json` now, the mismatch of relative paths is a bug I want to fix in my next PR.)

yarn run networks-inject
```

Create a gnosis-safe wallet [here-mainnet](https://gnosis-safe.io) or [here-rinkeby](https://rinkeby.gnosis-safe.io). This wallet will be called your Master Safe in the following. It is used to bundle the transactions and setup the bracket-traders.
This Master Safe must have an additional owner `0x90F8bf6A479f320ead074411a4B0e7944Ea8c9C1`, known as the "Proposer" account. The following scripts will use this account to propose transactions to the interface. This implies that the mnemonic phrase for this "Proposer" account is stored in plain text within this project.

> In order to have a save setup, make sure that _your Master Safe always requires one more signature than just the signature of the Proposer account to send a transaction_. _Otherwise, everyone can steal the funds from your account!_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to have a safe setup, make sure that _your Master Safe always requires one more signature than just the signature of the Proposer account to send a transaction_. _Otherwise, everyone can steal the funds from your account!_
```

Reviewer 2: I might even replace the word "safe" with "secure"

It will send one ethereum transaction and send two transactions request to the gnosis-safe interface.

The ethereum transasction will create the bracket-traders. For this transaction the provided private key will be used to pay for the gas.
The first request of the script will generate orders on behalf of the bracket-traders.
Please sign this transaction in the gnosis-safe interface and double check that the prices of the orders are as intended - for example in [telegram-mainnet](https://t.me/gnosis_protocol) or [telegram-rinkeby](https://t.me/gnosis_protocol_dev) channels.
Then continue the script and send out the second request, which will fund the bracket-traders' accounts on the exchange. Notice: One has to wait until the transaction is mined, as otherwise the nonce for the next request will be incorrect.
Making the requests to the gnosis-interfaces does not cost any gas. However, signing and executing the transactions in the gnosis-safe interface will incur gas costs.

Here is an example script invocation:

```js
npx truffle exec scripts/complete_liquidity_provision.js --targetToken=1 --stableToken=4 --lowestLimit=150 --hig

> hestLimit=200 --currentPrice=175 --masterSafe=$MASTER_SAFE --investmentTargetToken=10 --investmentStableToken=1000 --fleetSize=20 --network=$NETWORK_NAME

Reviewer 2: Awkward linebreak

Reviewer 2: I guess you wanted to leave this here?

```

The prices must be specified in terms of 1 target token = x stable tokens.

> This example deploys a liquidity strategy with 20 brackets between the prices 150-200 on the pair WETH-USDC.

Reviewer 2: I thought the current price was queried from an external price feed so the user wouldn't have to specify an incorrect price...

Author: Since external prices feeds aren't always reliable, we want both, user input and external input and then we check that they are matching

In this script the targetToken is 1, which happens to be WETH and the stableToken is 4, which happens to be USDC. The token ids of the exchange contract can be read from Etherscan.info in the 'Contract/Read Contract' tab, e.g. [here for mainnet](https://etherscan.io/address/0x6f400810b62df8e13fded51be75ff5393eaa841f)

The fleet size should be smaller than or equal to 20, in order to ensure that the transactions can be send via Metamask - otherwise, it can happen that the payload is too high for Metamask.

> Please document the displayed bracket-trader addresses. They are require for the withdrawals later. They can also be retrieved from the created transactions. However, since this is a manual process, it is quite cumbersome to extract them right now.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please document the displayed bracket-trader addresses. They are required for future withdrawals. They can also be retrieved from the created transactions. However, since this is a manual process, it is quite cumbersome to extract them right now.
```
